docs: add components to gitbook (#569)
yetanotherco/aligned_layer: docs/architecture/components/1_batcher.md

# Batcher

> The Batcher will recieve proofs from different Users, bundle them in a batch of proofs, build a merkle root from these, upload the batch to an S3 (so that the operators can download them), and submit this information to the [Aligned Service Manager](./3_service_manager_contract.md).

Reviewer: upload the batch to a data service

Reviewer 2: Already commented here: https://github.com/yetanotherco/aligned_layer/pull/569#discussion_r1664742107

Reviewer: My bad

> To avoid trust assumptions, the Batcher has some specific interesting mechanisms;

Reviewer: We could remove the word interesting

So that the User is 100% sure that his proof was included in a batch, the Batcher will send to each User the Merkle Proof (or Merkle Path). With this, the User can rebuild the Merkle Root starting from his proof, thus verifying his proof was actually included in the batch.

Also, to avoid unnecesarry proof submitions, the Batcher does a preliminary verification of the submitted proofs, to avoid as much as possible the submition of false proofs in a batch.

> But, of course each proof has a cost of verification, so each batch must contain some sort of payment for it to be verified. For this, the Batcher will submit the batch, but not directly to the Aligned Service Manager, but through its [Batcher Payment Service](./2_payment_service_contract.md).

Reviewer: To handle the payment of each batch, the Batcher will submit the batch, but not directly to the Aligned Service Manager, but through its [Batcher Payment Service](./2_payment_service_contract.md).

# Batcher

> The Batcher recieves proofs from different Users, bundle them in a batch of proofs, build a merkle root from these, upload the batch to a data service (like an S3 bucket), and submit this information to the [Aligned Service Manager](./3_service_manager_contract.md).

Reviewer 2: receives

> The Batcher recieves proofs from different Users, bundle them in a batch of proofs, build a merkle root from these, upload the batch to a data service (like an S3 bucket), and submit this information to the [Aligned Service Manager](./3_service_manager_contract.md).

Reviewer 2: bundles

> The Batcher recieves proofs from different Users, bundle them in a batch of proofs, build a merkle root from these, upload the batch to a data service (like an S3 bucket), and submit this information to the [Aligned Service Manager](./3_service_manager_contract.md).

Reviewer 2: builds

> The Batcher recieves proofs from different Users, bundle them in a batch of proofs, build a merkle root from these, upload the batch to a data service (like an S3 bucket), and submit this information to the [Aligned Service Manager](./3_service_manager_contract.md).

Reviewer 2: uploads

> The Batcher recieves proofs from different Users, bundle them in a batch of proofs, build a merkle root from these, upload the batch to a data service (like an S3 bucket), and submit this information to the [Aligned Service Manager](./3_service_manager_contract.md).

Reviewer 2: submits

> The Batcher receives proofs from different Users, bundles them in a batch of proofs, builds a merkle root from these, uploads the batch to a data service (like an S3 bucket), and submits this information to the [Aligned Service Manager](./3_service_manager_contract.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Batcher receives proofs from different Users, bundles them in a batch of proofs, builds a Merkle Root from these, uploads the batch to a data service (like an S3 bucket), and submits this information to the [Aligned Service Manager](./3_service_manager_contract.md).
```

> To avoid trust assumptions, the Batcher has some specific mechanisms;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> So that the User is sure that his proof was included in a batch, the Batcher will send to each User the Merkle Proof (or Merkle Path). With this, the User can rebuild the Merkle Root starting from his proof, thus verifying his proof was actually included in the batch.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To ensure that the User is sure that their proof was included in a batch, the Batcher will send to each User the Merkle Proof (or Merkle Path). With this, the User can rebuild the Merkle Root starting from their proof, thus verifying it was actually included in the batch.
```

> To ensure that the User is sure that their proof was included in a batch, the Batcher will send to each User the Merkle Proof (or Merkle Path). With this, the User can rebuild the Merkle Root starting from their proof, thus verifying it was actually included in the batch.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To ensure that the User is sure that their proof was included in a batch, the Batcher will send each User the Merkle Proof (or Merkle Path). With this, the User can rebuild the Merkle Root starting from their proof, thus verifying it was actually included in the batch.
```

> Also, to avoid unnecesarry proof submissions, the Batcher does a preliminary verification of the submitted proofs, to avoid as much as possible the submission of false proofs in a batch.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Also, to avoid unnecessary proof submissions, the Batcher performs a preliminary verification of the submitted proofs, to minimize the submission of false proofs in a batch.
```

> However each proof has a cost of verification, so each batch must contain some sort of payment for it to be verified. To handle this payment of each batch, the Batcher submits the batch through its [Batcher Payment Service](./2_payment_service_contract.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, each proof has a cost of verification, so each batch must contain some sort of payment for it to be verified. To handle the payment for each batch, the Batcher submits the batch through its [Batcher Payment Service](./2_payment_service_contract.md).
```

> But, of course each proof has a cost of verification, so each batch must contain some sort of payment for it to be verified. To handle this payment of each batch, the Batcher will submit the batch, but not directly to the Aligned Service Manager, but through its [Batcher Payment Service](./2_payment_service_contract.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However each proof has a cost of verification, so each batch must contain some sort of payment for it to be verified. To handle this payment of each batch, the Batcher submits the batch through its [Batcher Payment Service](./2_payment_service_contract.md).
```

I still don't like the use of some sort of payment...

# Batcher

> Batcher is the Entity in charge of recieving User's proofs.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

> The Batcher will recieve proofs from different Users, build a merkle root from these proofs, upload the proofs to an S3 (so that the operators can download them), and submit this information to the [Aligned Service Manager](./3_service_manager_contract.md).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Batcher receives proofs from different Users, builds a merkle root from these proofs, then uploads the proofs to a data service (like a bucket), and submits this information to the [Aligned Service Manager](./3_service_manager_contract.md).
```

To avoid trust assumptions, the Batcher has some specific interesting mechanisms;

> So that the User is 100% sure that his proof was included in a batch, the Batcher will send to each User the Merkle Proof (or Merkle Path). With this, the User can rebuild the Merkle Root starting from his proof, thus verifying his proof was actually included in the batch.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
So that the User is sure that his proof was included in a batch, the Batcher will send to each User the Merkle Proof (or Merkle Path). With this, the User can rebuild the Merkle Root starting from his proof, thus verifying his proof was actually included in the batch.
```

> Also, to avoid unnecesarry proof submitions, the Batcher does a preliminary verification of the submitted proofs, to avoid as much as possible the submition of false proofs in a batch.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Also, to avoid unnecesarry proof submissions, the Batcher does a preliminary verification of the submitted proofs, to avoid as much as possible the submission of false proofs in a batch.
```

Reviewer: Also, I would replace the second "submission" with something like "presence" to avoid repeating so much. "to avoid as much as possible the presence of false proofs in a batch".
